Installing the hooks require access to 
the filesystem that the repository is
stored on, there is no way to install
them without this access.

NOTE: All users that directly access
the repository need execute rights on
the hooks, normally this would mean
the user that runs svnserve or Apache.

1) Build the solution and run the NUnit
tests to ensure that everything is 
working properly.

2) Copy the output from pre-commit to
the repository's hooks folder. Please
note that if the repository is under
use you can wait with copying the exe
file until you are done will all points
to ensure that the service isnt 
interrupted.

3) Copy the output from your own hook
library to the same folder, if you want
to use Castle's internal hooks you can
copy the output from CastleProjectHooks.

4) Edit pre-commit.exe.config and add
the hooks you want to be executed under
the Castle IoC configuration. Also set
svnlook.location under appSettings to
the full path of your svnlook executable.

At this point everything should be working
properly.